SelectBox: Add minSearchLength note (#7759)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/SelectBox/10 Configure Search Parameters.md

---

> The SelectBox UI component starts searching after a user has typed at least one character by default. Use the [minSearchLength](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSelectBox/Configuration/#minSearchLength) property to increase the number of characters that triggers the search. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SelectBox UI component starts searching after a user types at least one character. Use the [minSearchLength](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSelectBox/Configuration/#minSearchLength) property to increase the number of characters that trigger the search. 
```

---

> [note] When the SelectBox input field contains text, the component ignores **minSearchLength** and starts searching after users enter one character.

Author: ```suggestion
[note] When the SelectBox input field contains text (an item is selected), the component ignores **minSearchLength** and starts searching after users enter one character.
```
